##Midterm

###Don't Litter, Spank Machine

https://vimeo.com/188495919

*Don't Litter, Spank Machine* is a speculative design piece. It lives in a world plagued by an uncontrollable waste and littering problem leaving the government with no alternative solutions than to assign each of its residents with said machine. If the machine detects its owner littering, it will punish its owner by spanking their butt. To combat this problem, the city will assign a *Don't Litter, Spank Machine* to each of its residents starting from the age they are able to produce waste. The reason that the machine spanks is that spanking is a universal form of punishment for all children. It does not matter what country the individual is from, spanking will always be recognized as punishment for bad behavior. By subjecting perpetrator to an embarrassing form of punishment in public, the government is hopeful that they will stop littering.

The spank machine is operated on an ultrasonic sensor, when the machine detects litter in front of it at a certain distance, the servo will be activated, therefore spanking the litterer. The body is an eleven inch by eleven inch cube on five inch diameter wheels. Ideally, the wheels would allow motion giving it the ability to follow its owner. Located in the front of the spank machine is an opening giving the ultrasonic sensor a view of its path ahead.

The spank machine is purposefully made to be big and clunky. It is as much speculative design as it is critical design. As technology advances, people are relying more on it, we need technology for each and every action we partake in in our daily lives, we have chips and sensors everywhere; watches that we can text from, and phones that are also computers. There is no plausible situation in which the spank machine would ever come to exist, because it is too big and trivial to be practical, and it only has one function, to spank. Because it seems like there is no more incentives left to get people to not litter, perhaps this is the only solution left, spank for cleaner streets.